Set-CsUser - Param updates for TPM 3+ (#8840)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsUser.md

If set to True, the user will largely be restricted to sending and receiving instant messages.

You cannot disable A/V communications if a user is currently enabled for remote call control, Enterprise Voice, and/or Internet Protocol private branch exchange (IP-PBX) soft phone routing.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

If you later re-enable the account by using the Enabled parameter, the associated account information will be restored.
This differs from using the `Disable-CsUser` cmdlet to disable a user account.
When you run the `Disable-CsUser` cmdlet, all the Skype for Business Server data associated with that account is deleted.

> **Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

If you later re-enable the account by using the Enabled parameter, the associated account information will be restored.
This differs from using the `Disable-CsUser` cmdlet to disable a user account.
When you run the `Disable-CsUser` cmdlet, all the Skype for Business Server data associated with that account is deleted.
> [!WARNING]

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

This differs from using the `Disable-CsUser` cmdlet to disable a user account.
When you run the `Disable-CsUser` cmdlet, all the Skype for Business Server data associated with that account is deleted.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

The URI of the remote call control telephone gateway assigned to the user.
The LineServerUri is the gateway URI, prefaced by "sip:".
For example: sip:rccgateway@litwareinc.com

> **Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

The URI of the remote call control telephone gateway assigned to the user.
The LineServerUri is the gateway URI, prefaced by "sip:".
For example: sip:rccgateway@litwareinc.com
> [!WARNING]

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

The LineServerUri is the gateway URI, prefaced by "sip:".
For example: sip:rccgateway@litwareinc.com

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

The private line value should be specified using the E.164 format, and be prefixed by the "TEL:" prefix.
For example: TEL:+14255551297.

> **Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

The private line value should be specified using the E.164 format, and be prefixed by the "TEL:" prefix.
For example: TEL:+14255551297.
> [!WARNING]

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

The private line value should be specified using the E.164 format, and be prefixed by the "TEL:" prefix.
For example: TEL:+14255551297.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

For details, see the parameter EnterpriseVoiceEnabled.

To be enabled for remote call control, a user must have both a LineUri and a LineServerUri.

> **Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

For details, see the parameter EnterpriseVoiceEnabled.

To be enabled for remote call control, a user must have both a LineUri and a LineServerUri.
> [!WARNING]

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

To be enabled for remote call control, a user must have both a LineUri and a LineServerUri.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

### -SipAddress
Unique identifier (similar to an email address) that allows the user to communicate using SIP devices such as Skype for Business.
The SIP address must use the sip: prefix as well as a valid SIP domain; for example: `-SipAddress sip:kenmyer@litwareinc.com`.

> **Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

### -SipAddress
Unique identifier (similar to an email address) that allows the user to communicate using SIP devices such as Skype for Business.
The SIP address must use the sip: prefix as well as a valid SIP domain; for example: `-SipAddress sip:kenmyer@litwareinc.com`.
> [!WARNING]

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

Unique identifier (similar to an email address) that allows the user to communicate using SIP devices such as Skype for Business.
The SIP address must use the sip: prefix as well as a valid SIP domain; for example: `-SipAddress sip:kenmyer@litwareinc.com`.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

### -PassThru
Enables you to pass a user object through the pipeline that represents the user whose account is being modified.
By default, the `Set-CsUser` cmdlet does not pass objects through the pipeline.

> **Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

### -PassThru
Enables you to pass a user object through the pipeline that represents the user whose account is being modified.
By default, the `Set-CsUser` cmdlet does not pass objects through the pipeline.
> [!WARNING]

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

Enables you to pass a user object through the pipeline that represents the user whose account is being modified.
By default, the `Set-CsUser` cmdlet does not pass objects through the pipeline.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

### -AcpInfo
Enables you to assign one or more third-party audio conferencing providers to a user.
However, it is recommended that you use the `Set-CsUserAcp` cmdlet to assign Audio conferencing providers.

> **Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

### -AcpInfo
Enables you to assign one or more third-party audio conferencing providers to a user.
However, it is recommended that you use the `Set-CsUserAcp` cmdlet to assign Audio conferencing providers.
> [!WARNING]

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

Enables you to assign one or more third-party audio conferencing providers to a user.
However, it is recommended that you use the `Set-CsUserAcp` cmdlet to assign Audio conferencing providers.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

ArchivingToExchange

NoArchiving

> **Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

ArchivingToExchange

NoArchiving
> [!WARNING]

> >This parameter will not be available for Teams only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```

NoArchiving

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This parameter is not available for Teams Only tenants from version 3.0.0 onwards.
```
